The following would be good additions to the initial MFC release of the MUTE
project.  There are a lot of people out there who could coordinate a lot of this
and get this done relatively quickly... here's my initial thoughts:



DONE 1. About box with links to sourceforge MUTE page.
2. Internal version checking on start option to check for new updates.
3. Searching within search list for words.
DONE....4. Ability to remove Uploads from uploads list.
5. Ability to kill connections from the GUI
DONE....6. Another minimize button that puts the program on the tray icon bar.
7. Search window that doesn't allow searches when no connections exist.
8. Automatic Search stopping after timeout.
9. On start, don't ask user for random characters... come up with auto generated randomness.
DONE 10. Version info within view for the user from the gui.. ie. title bar/about screen etc...
11. Hash calculator tool.
12. Shared file tab to show shared files and associated hashes.
13. Schedule actions screen that allows shutdown of app, clearing of lists, shutting down of
PC, etc. etc...
KIND OF DONE 14. This one's more for the underlying app: allow for setting up separate inbound and outbound sharing directories.
15. Statistics screen that keeps up with all kinds of stuff... (see Emule..)
DONE....16. Button (wisely placed) to automatically bring up shared dir...
17. On settings screen, allow users to dynamically select the default text colors for various
file extensions in the list controls.. etc.. 
18. Allow for more color settings overall on the settings screen.
DONE....19. Selective searches... i.e. based on size or something.. or filters for extensions....
20. Control of logging level from settings screen
DONE....delete all incoming..21. Buttons to delete files out of incoming directory when they are no longer valid.
22. Button to change current "virtual address"
23. Built in "firewall" to close connections based on ip addresses.... with importable redlist of ip addresses from various other programs like peerguardian and the likes..
DONE....24. option to close even with unfinished downloads
DONE....(see #19)25. "unwanted content" search filtering ability.
26. provide tooltip hyperlinks with top 3 google searches of file name..for quick web references..
DONE.. for ANSI char set - 27. Somebody could add all the text references to the resources and use LOCALE info to get the language.. 
	then allow for users to switch languages for the gui.... This would require adding String resources
	for all the controls and updating the control's text at startup
28. A separate screen that shows all of the text searches that are going through the client.
29. From TSAFA -- ability to search for more files from a given VIRTUAL ADDRESS.. basically a way
	to request a list of files from a VIRTUAL ADDRESS.. .this would be cool, but the anonymity
	issues need to be explored before adding this functionality to the MUTE communication protocol.
30. Code in Registry to remember window placement settings and user column heading locations, etc... maybe even ability  
    to turn off columns that are not wanted.

